README.md, before:

# node-mongo-seeds
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/toymachiner62/node-mongo-seeds.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/toymachiner62/node-mongo-seeds)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/toymachiner62/node-mongo-seeds/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/toymachiner62/node-mongo-seeds)

> A tool to quickly populate your mongo db from a set of .json files. The concept is very similar to Ruby on Rails idea of seeding a database. This allows a new developer to pull down the source code for a project (which contains .json files to populate their mongodb with) and run a command and bingo!! database populated and ready to rock.

## Usage

![usage.gif](./usage.gif)

- Run `$ npm install -g node-mongo-seeds`
- Run `$ seed-setup` from the root of your project to generate a `seed.json` file
- Replace `"localhost/LOCAL_DB_NAME"` with the path to your mongodb in your brand new seed.json file
- Create a `/seeds` folder in your project root and put `.json` files in there.
		The name of the file is going to be the collection name in mongo and the contents
		of the file will be populated into that mongo collection.
	- Note that this package supports the [mongo-extended-json syntax](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/mongodb-extended-json/)
- Run `$ seed` to seed your mongodb with all your data from your `/seeds` folder.

**Note**: Every time you run `$ seed` it will blow away all the data in your collections and re-populate them with whatever is in your `/seeds` directory.

### Separate databases per NODE_ENV

You can have separate databases for each NODE_ENV that you are using. Just a put a line in seed.json for each `NODE_ENV` that you are going to use. It defaults to `undefined`, `dev`, and `prod` but can be changed to whatever.

## Contributing

1. Clone project and run `npm install -g ./` from project root
2. Add feature(s)
3. Add tests for it
4. Submit pull request

### Running Tests

To run the tests, follow these instructions.

1. Start mongod process		
2. From project root `$ npm install`
3. Run test command `$ npm test`

Enjoy!

Commit message:

Add ability to seed from .js files that export a json object.

README.md, after:

# node-mongo-seeds
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/toymachiner62/node-mongo-seeds.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/toymachiner62/node-mongo-seeds)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/toymachiner62/node-mongo-seeds/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/toymachiner62/node-mongo-seeds)

> A tool to quickly populate your mongo db from a set of .json files. The concept is very similar to Ruby on Rails idea of seeding a database. This allows a new developer to pull down the source code for a project (which contains .json files to populate their mongodb with) and run a command and bingo!! database populated and ready to rock.

## Usage

![usage.gif](./usage.gif)

- Run `$ npm install -g node-mongo-seeds`
- Run `$ seed-setup` from the root of your project to generate a `seed.json` file
- Replace `"localhost/LOCAL_DB_NAME"` with the path to your mongodb in your brand new seed.json file
- Create a `/seeds` folder in your project root and put `.json` files or `.js` files which **export a json object** in there.
		The name of the file is going to be the collection name in mongo and the contents
		of the file will be populated into that mongo collection.
	- Note that this package supports the [mongo-extended-json syntax](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/mongodb-extended-json/)
- Run `$ seed` to seed your mongodb with all your data from your `/seeds` folder.

**Note**: Every time you run `$ seed` it will blow away all the data in your collections and re-populate them with whatever is in your `/seeds` directory.

### Separate databases per NODE_ENV

You can have separate databases for each NODE_ENV that you are using. Just a put a line in seed.json for each `NODE_ENV` that you are going to use. It defaults to `undefined`, `dev`, and `prod` but can be changed to whatever.

## Contributing

1. Clone project and run `npm install -g ./` from project root
2. Add feature(s)
3. Add tests for it
4. Submit pull request

### Running Tests

To run the tests, follow these instructions.

1. Start mongod process		
2. From project root `$ npm install`
3. Run test command `$ npm test`

Enjoy!
